Muffled beats in the hallway announce that I’ve found the party. The Riviera is the only Casino on the strip willing to host a week-long party for crossdressers and trans women. For tonight’s event, the organizers have rented the penthouse suite on the top floor of the South tower. A little vestibule separates the hallway from the penthouse, so it’s not until I part the beaded curtains at the entranceway that I take in both the scene of the party and the accompanying rush of disappointment. I will not be finding friends here, and I am dumb for thinking I ever would. I am an eighth-grade girl who has thought she’d find the clique of popular girls at a Tuesday night senior citizen bowling league. I see none of the girls from Facebook, none of the girls who wrote to say that they wanted to go. In fact, I see no one below the age of 40. Everyone already knows each other and looks two to five decades older than I am. Mostly crossdressers, with a smattering of older trans woman, discernable by button noses and buoyant boobs. The theme of the party is “Lingerie Love;” named after a longtime attendee to the party, Virginia Love, who, unsurprisingly, loved lingerie and passed of a heart attack earlier in the year. On the piano in center of the suite stands a 18” x 24” soft-focus memorial boudoir portrait of Virgina lounging in a red teddy. 1950s rock, the kind that kids dance to at Bar Mitzvah parties, plays from an unmanned DJ booth. To my embarrassment, quite a few of the crossdressers recognize me as “that online sissy,” even though I’m wearing one of the most demure dresses there—a knee-length black cocktail dress. “Why didn’t you wear one of your fabulous sissy outfits?” asks a middle aged woman, wearing a short prom dress, who has decided to be encouraging of what she takes to be a shy girl who needs a little prodding to bloom. “This is exactly the place where you could Tor rey Peters 11 have worn those ruffles!” “This is a Diane Von Furstenberg dress,” I say, “I wanted to look classy.” A tall trans woman overhears, and laughs, a sort of tut-tut sound. Ms. Prom Queen announces her drink needs refreshing and the tall woman spins on a pair of wedge heels to appraise me. “You can’t expect a crossdresser to care about brands,” she says, “They dress with their cocks, the shorter the skirt the better. Women dress for each other, which is why I can tell you: that’s a nice dress.”